Hello dear mom & dad,
I am sorry that I won't be visiting the house this time, I still love all of you still. This is not due to running away from my mistakes either, I do accept them. It's almost 5 years since the time I both saw you live together, even though I have always adjusted to your life situations, it doesn't mean that it has not affected me. It's just that I always adjusted, did not express myself, that's how i grew up. And as a kid, all I wanted was at times to leave the house because that's how much i did not like the environment at home. I don't blame anyone, it's mine as well as yours first time living & figuring out things. Even though things may be better now, but the time has passed away for me at least as your son to try to accept these broken pieces into a family. I am glad that you both are living together & trying, I am happy.
I get 4-5 weeks of holidays in an year, rest of the time, everything consumes me,  I don't get the time to myself, and in those 4-5 weeks, i have to be at home, which again takes a lot from me. I am not very sociable especially in our family. On calls, I barely talk about myself, it's just often studies, food & health. You don't get to hear what I experience in my life, what happens day to day & that's our relationship has been, as a son to parents. 
You don't really have to worry about me, i am a man living in this world, you should more worry about Pari, she is much more fragile; ik the cruelties in these world & I am more worried for her. If you want me to do things on my own & not be spoon-fed; that also means to trust me; I am more than capable, I know how to cook amazing chicken, sabzi & breakfast, soon I will make for all of us & have together, I know how to clean the house, I know how to maintain my surroundings, I know how to be safe in this world; mom asked me to turn on my last seen, I did, I won't vanish away, I am right here. 
Sending me to boarding twice has made me not miss home always, but i have managed to I like my own company; in the whole 20 years, I have never been more happy consistently with good mental health; even with myself I don't feel alone; I have people who support me & are there for me, & who listen truly. I know how to live with solidarity & peace, i have not told you but i meditate to relax myself from time to time. ik my image might be tainted but everyone is a mix of black & white. Even though I did not have a very emotionally supportive childhood just like half the kids in India; I did not grow up to be evil. I am more good than bad, I have faults in me, I have coping mechanisms to deal with things at times, but that's how u grow up. So forgive me for all mistakes I make, they never had any malice.
I hope this is a step in the right direction, I don't always say much; but i would like to share what's on my mind as well; I hope you respect my decision, take your time to truly understand what i am conveying, for once, just listen, this is me trying to say for the first time very heartful, just listen to me; instead of telling me what to do, this doesn't mean I will leave any of you, I am going to provide for you when the time needs, I will be there to support, that's my word as your son. I will come probably in feb for a day or two, dw, I love you all <3 
mumma I hope you don't use these words against me, they are said to u in trust, I know I couldn't have said this on a call, that's why I am typing this, because again on call, I will not be able to say & I will be forced to agree out of habit. I am really sorry to crush your hopes but I hope you listen to me & u understand; this is not a one day decision, it has been on my mind for few weeks.
I will dedicate my time to GRE whole heartedly, I do intend to make u proud, and I do want to achieve my target.
regards,
saru


Mumma u don't have to keep calling 5 times if i don't pick up, I will call, u can see my last seen too, i won't die, when i try to be rational & give my side of the opinion, don't say 'ulta jawab mai na du', just because you feel a certain way; does not mean you force that on me, that's partially the problem, u never let me speak, and that's why i don't express myself. 