Advantages:
1. faster application processing
2. task resolution is faster 
3. increasing available computation power of the system
4. saves time & money in the long run
5. provide concurrency
6. solve larger problems
7. reduces complexity

• True Advantages:
1. In parallel computing, more resources are used to complete the task that led to decrease the time and cut possible costs.
2. solve larger problems
3. For simulating, modeling, and understanding complex, real- world phenomena, parallel computing is much appropriate while comparing with serial computing.
4. Parallel computing is suited for hardware as serial computing wastes the potential computing power.

• Dis:
1. It addresses Parallel architecture that can be difficult to achieve. 
2. In the case of clusters, better cooling technologies are needed in parallel computing. 
3. It requires the managed algorithms, which could be handled in the parallel mechanism. 
4. The multi-core architectures consume high power consumption. 
5. The parallel computing system needs low coupling and high cohesion, which is difficult to create. 
6. The code for a parallelism-based program can be done by the most technically skilled and expert programmer.
7. Although parallel computing helps you out to resolve computationally and the data-exhaustive issue with the help of using multiple processors, sometimes it affects the conjunction of the system and some of our control algorithms and does not provide good outcomes due to the parallel option.
8. Due to synchronization, thread creation, data transfers, and more, the extra cost sometimes can be quite large; even it may be exceeding the gains because of parallelization. 
9. Moreover, for improving performance, the parallel computing system needs different code tweaking for different target architectures